Now before we actually apply these in one application
and make the vote question controls working
let's apply these in new seeder and
make fake voting to all questions.
So let's head over to our terminal
and then here let's create new sider
here I'm going to call it votable
table seeder.
Now we can open database seeder
and then call it here
and then let's open votable
table seeder
import the namespace of user and question model here
and here we'll do almost the same thing as we did before.
So let's reset the votables table before we insert some records.
Here we need to make sure that we only
delete the records only for question.
That's why we need to call where
votable type
App
Question.
Next
let's get all users. We will not call pluck method
because we need user instances in this case.
So here we call user all to return all collections of user instance.
And here we'll define another variable
let's say number of users and here we can say user
count and then let's also define a variable that
hold the possible votes values votes equals -1 and 1.
So when we want to vote down we can say votes zero.
And to vote up we can say votes 1
OK
next let's iterate all questions in for each
here every single question will be voted up or be
voted down by at least one randomly and we can do
almost same thing as we did before
actually I'll chance this to one so that the question
can be voted at least by one user. Inside
here let's get the random user and assign to a variable
after we've got the user
then we can make that user to vote the
question by saying user vote questions.
Sorry vote question pass the question instance and
here it will be vote up or vote down randomly
Alright, the last step before we run the
seed is to open question factory.
And here we don't need this random vote anymore.
So here I'll just comment this line. OK
now let's save all changes
and then go to our terminal
and here let's run the votes table seeder.
All right let me see the vote records in phpmyadmin
here I have 14 records.
Let me let me show only question
OK here you can see the question one has two votes.
The question two just one vote question 5
three votes and so on.
Okay great
now it's time to apply that and make
our vote control actually working.